man whoa look at that new guy who's that
Edward
that's my feel like I go on fire captain
American I stole his shield not throw it
at him are you thinking ooh
it was those amazing things never have
missed over the cameras and I just sort
of flipped in Hades a second come in
lifting Walsall the rich and the
powerful I don't care about us which
pick up after and Withings their table
scraps daily ambassadors the top you got
to use the stuff they use the world's
change time we change to wait only
retreat next mission will call you keep
it a little more on mentoring to be
real-ass expertise that's not a huggable
scrap the tow for you oh all right good
good luck out there someone is
collecting stuff in Avengers battles and
building these crazy weapons this is my
chance to prove myself
what if somebody who died to a different
story right because that's on you I
wanted you to be better eight years was
in trouble for those bozos open start
our and it's no faster and red tight
shows he thinks he can care about and
everything I feel I've got a place full
of brand-new Avengers weaponry to load
up we're going to put them out of
business we're going to take everything
they got
you're not gonna stop me
[Music]
you know em - he happens to wish